[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2010 superhero film Iron Man 2
so let's get started the spoiler does
require in part that you've seen the
previous film if you need to see a
spoiler for it or for our other
superhero movie spoilers please check
out the link in the cards the film opens
in Russia with a man named Ivan Vanko
seeing the revelation of Tony Stark is
Iron Man who begins building his own
miniature arc reactor we then transition
to six months later where we see Tony
Stark is using his Iron Man suit for
peaceful means refusing to sell his
designs the Palladium core of Starks arc
reactor however is slowly poisoning him
which is causing him to begin to fear
that Stark makes Pepper Potts the CEO of
Stark Industries and hires Natalie
rushman as his new personal assistant
while competing in the Monaco historic
Grand Prix Stark is attacked by Vanko
who has electric whips powered by his
own arc reactor Stark Don's his new mark
5 suit defeats avantco but the suit is
damaged Vanko states that he wanted to
prove that Iron Man is not invincible
after seeing the fight Starks rival
Justin Hammer helps break venko out of
prison to have him build him a line of
suits to beat start while at what he
believes to be his final birthday Tony
gets drunk while wearing the Iron Man
suit Tony's friend Lieutenant James
Rhodes played by a different actor than
the first film puts on a suit and tries
to restrain Tony Rhodes later takes the
suit for the purpose of the Air Force
Nick Fury the director of shield
approaches start revealing that his
assistant is actually Natasha Romanov
aka Black Widow and that Tony's father
Howard Stark was one of the founders of
shield and that fury knew him personally
fury explains that Bank was father
worked with Howard Stark to invent the
arc reactor
but when vanko's father wanted to sell
it for profit Howard Stark had him
deported and was sent to prison
thus vanko's vendetta with Tony fury
gives stark some of his father's old
materials including plans for a new
reactor with the help of his computer
Jarvis Stark is able to make a new
reactor one that replaces the one that
is poison him at a weapons Expo
hammer and fails Franco's drones led by
lieutenant Rhodes in a heavily
weaponized Iron Man suit Stark arrives
later in his mark 6 armour to warn roads
but Vanko takes control of both the
drones and Rhodes armor and attacks Iron
Man hammer is arrested and Romanoff and
Stark's bodyguard happy go after Vanko
within hammers factory Vanko escapes but
Rhodes regains control of his suit
together Rhodes and Stark defeat Vanko
and his drones Vanko seems to commit
suicide by blowing up his suit after a
debriefing fury informed Stark that
because of Starks difficult personality
they would only use Stark as a
consultant not as a member of shield
Stark and Rhodes received medals for
their heroism
in a post-credits scene SHIELD agent
Phil Coulson reports that the discovery
of a large hammer at the bottom of a
crater hinting at the hammer of Thor so
that was the spoilers for Iron Man 2 if
you have another film you'd like to see
me spoil please let me know in the
comments below check out movie's spoiler
alerts on our various forms of social
media and remember to Like and subscribe
thanks for watching